Home Study Test 2
The curriculum includes everything that’s required to fully grasp the fundamentals of computer science, and gain a thorough understanding of computer science best practices through Python. By covering this curriculum, you will be comfortable with computing concepts -- empowering you to engage with a vibrant community of like-minded learners with all levels of experience.


QUIZ 3
This section will test understanding of object oriented programming.

1
Which of the following choices contains the terms that are most closely associated with Object Oriented Programming?


Abstraction, Inheritance, Polymorphism, Functions

Polymorphism, Methods, Encapsulation, Inheritance

Encapsulation, Assignments, Polymorphism, Abstraction

Methods, Assignments, Encapsulation, Abstraction

2
Consider the following statements.

Class attributes are more suitable for sharing data across instances of a class as opposed to instance variables.
Instance variables always point to a common location in memory regardless of which instance of a class is used to access them
Abstraction cannot be utilized without Inheritance
In order to enable access to instance variables, functions must have a “self” argument.
Composition represents an “is-a” relationship between two entities.
Which combination of statements is true?


4, 3, 5, 1

1, 2, 3, 5

2, 3, 5, 4

5, 2, 4, 1

3
Which of the following scenarios depict true inheritance. 
NB: -> represents the is a/an


Vehicle -> Car -> Truck

Pet -> Animal -> Dog

Person -> Employee -> Manager

User -> Admin -> Guest

4
Which of these is a valid interpretation of the expression foo = X()?


Create an object foo of class X

Assign variable foo an instance of X

Set foo to an instance of X

A and B

A, B and C

5
The code class X(object): def __init__(self, J) can be interpreted as:


Make a subclass X of class object that defines a constructor method that takes self and J as parameters

Make a class X of object with a constructor method that has as parameters self and J

Make a class X that inherits from an object class and has defined a constructor method that accepts as arguments the values of self and J

All of the above